In several cases throughout this paper, references are made to the project
repository, or to pieces of software we make use of to complete our own work, or
to the original JSPAM code. These references will be briefly described here.

All code developed for this project was originally done so at
\url{https://github.com/jacksonlanecole/WallinCode}, but has since been
refactored and is now located at
\url{https://github.com/jacksonlanecole/WallinCode-restructure}.
There is a detailed
\texttt{README.md} file that gives setup and usage instructions.
This project is
a fork of the original codebase located at
\url{https://github.com/JSPAM-Manga/WallinCode}, which is described in full in
\citet{Wallin2016}.

The software used for target data acquisition and image preparation is called
MergerEx, and is described in Appendix C of \citet{holincheckThesis}. This
project is located at \url{https://github.com/aholinch/MergerEx}, and comes with
a precompiled version of JSPAM as described in the project \texttt{README.md}.

The initial simulation parameters come from a massive Citizen Science effort as
part of the Galaxy Zoo: Mergers project. Volunteers essentially determined the
better model out of those presented to them, and the results of these
comparisons are presented in the data files found at
\url{https://data.galaxyzoo.org/mergers.html}. While these files contain
the results of all simulations run, some of these simulations were rejected on the
basis of essentially having not undergone any transfer of gravitational energy,
and therefore, having not interacted with one another. We remove these runs from
the files and present data files containing \textit{only} scored runs in
\url{https://github.com/jacksonlanecole/WallinCode/tree/master/input}.
